if you were stuck in new york city as
rising sea levels combined with an
apocalyptic snowstorm trapped you inside
a library and made going outside near a
suicide would you know how to survive
in today's how to be video we're going
to be breaking down the mistakes the
characters make in the movie
as well as how we can fix them to
ultimately beat the death blizzard from
the day after tomorrow
our movie starts off the cinematic tour
of the north pole where we see a team of
researchers collecting samples of ice
everything seems chill until the ice
around the researchers start to crack
and there appears to be an earthquake or
should i say an ice quake
the researchers quickly scramble to try
to save their equipment but a rift forms
in the ice one of the researchers is
trapped on the other side and he decides
to jump across with what i assume is
around 20 to 30 pounds of ice
if you were in this movie chances are
you would fall to your death like a
dumbass since you're sitting on your ass
watching youtube all day
i strongly suggest you ditch the ice
samples and get a running start and save
yourself
after barely making the jump his crew
decides to grab the ice samples out of
his hands rather than pulling him over
the ledge causing him to just
lay there dangling over i don't even
think i need to explain the issue here
please
go for the person before the ice while
attempting to pull their comrade over
they use a hand-to-hand grip to lift
them up
however the strongest way to lift
someone over a ledge is a wrist to wrist
grip as shown here
we then cut to a global conference where
scientist is trying to convince the
politicians that global warming is an
issue and that
a bunch of ice is breaking up from the
north pole causing a rise in sea level
but then the vice president basically
says [ __ ] you i don't give a [ __ ] the
economy is more important
and we know politicians are [ __ ] so
if i were the scientist i would suggest
hunkering down and
protecting yourself rather than trying
to convince these politicians to help
you
the movie then cuts to all places around
the world where we see a lot of strange
weather phenomena whether it's hail in
china or it's snowing in india there's a
lot of stuff that's pretty [ __ ] up
the movie then introduces us to one of
our main characters sam hall who is the
son of jackal and if you don't know who
jackhall was use the scientist trying to
convince the politicians
earlier to save the environment sam is
part of the school's decathlon team so
he's traveling to new york in order to
compete but this is just where new york
starts getting completely [ __ ] up
sam doesn't know any of this is
happening but he's at his decathlon
competition surrounded by other
competitors who are strangers
too i strongly suggest making as many
connections you have during this period
because you never know when a connection
might be important
the more connections you have the more
likely people are to listen to you
jack the scientist from earlier wakes up
in the middle of night and receives a
call saying that there's been a 13
degree drop
and that's [ __ ] huge so this is where
the movie starts getting interesting and
natural disasters start to happen
the first event we witness is tornadoes
in downtown l.a followed by a tropical
storm this is very rare for that
location obviously because tornadoes
usually don't [ __ ] form in california
that's like an oklahoma thing
so if you were faced with a tornado how
would you survive first thing you want
to do is go to lower elevations such as
basements or inside a room because
studies show tornadoes tend to climb
towards higher elevations and that's
where most damage
comes from avoid windows so basements
are great because they usually don't
have any windows
also get under something steady like a
work bench or a table
this provides cover from falling debris
and don't stay in a mobile home because
that whole [ __ ] home will be sucked
away
it turns out however that the tornadoes
in california are only the tip of the
iceberg and as the scientist says the
major events are gonna
not just continue get worse we start to
see the extent of what new york is about
to face when a helicopter flies through
an epically large storm
in fact the storm is so cold that
everyone in the helicopter [ __ ]
freezes to death
luckily for the people in new york
they're not facing any sort of freezing
temperatures they're just facing some
rain there's some mild flooding on the
streets but overall everything seems
okay
until we take a look at the statue of
liberty it's being swamped by a massive
[ __ ] tsunami headed straight for new
york city the tsunami then makes it to
the streets of new york city where
obviously
i would recommend that you run away from
the tsunami but how would you best do
this
we can see here the cars are neatly
pressed up against each other meaning
that you should be able to use the cars
as a platform and channel your inner
subway surfer
to get across these cars it's much
faster than trudging through the water
at a slow speed
our main characters seek shelter in a
nearby library which is not a bad choice
since libraries are generally well
reinforced
before heading into the library we see a
homeless man steal some hot dogs from a
hot dog stand which is morally not very
legal but in this situation i would
definitely suggest stealing as much food
as you can and entering the library with
it
as long as you're not risking your life
especially since you know that food is
going to become extremely scarce
also don't tell anyone you have the food
because you want to hide it and keep it
for as long as possible
right before entering the library we see
a really close call because there's this
one woman complaining that she left her
passport inside her car
so she has to go back and get it in this
case do not sacrifice yourself and go
back into the [ __ ] tsunami to get
someone else's passport
number one a passport is not as
important as their life and if they
think their passport is more important
than their life you should let them go
get it
just a reminder that when you enter the
library this tsunami isn't magically
going to stop
so make sure you head to the top floors
and stay away from any windows that
water can rush through
the sun realizes that all the cell
phones in the area are dead meaning they
have no signal so the only way he can
make a call to scientist
dad is through the landline but the
landline is halfway under water
so he grows in the freezing cold water
to attempt to make a call i just made a
noticing here if you're afraid that
you're gonna drown in such low water
levels you probably shouldn't be in this
movie
but if you were you could grab some of
these floatation devices to make
floating while calling easier
during the call jack the scientist's dad
make sure to tell sam the guy in the
library to stay in the library because
there's going to be a giant cold storm
colder than anything he's ever faced and
his balls will probably fall off if he
goes outside
we see later in the movie that is
starting to snow new york is getting
colder and there also happens to be a
ship that just floated into new york
city because new york city is basically
underwater at this point
we can see that new york has been almost
completely frozen just mere hours later
the dumbass police officer then directs
everyone inside the library to go walk
outside before the snow gets too deep
but where the [ __ ] are you walking to
you're just gonna freeze to death
even after sam tries to stop everyone
going saying his dad works in the
government and his dad says everyone
should stay put
everyone still decides they need to go
walk to the nearest frozen city and then
walk to another frozen
city until they run out of food and
definitely die at this point i consider
a lot of people leaving the library is a
good thing because now you can keep all
the food inside the library to yourself
and maybe survive and not die of
starvation like the people who decide to
walk outside
we can see that even in the southern end
of the united states people aren't doing
so well despite it being one of the
hottest region it's still snowing and
people are trying to illegally immigrate
into a warmer country such as mexico
but as you can see mexico is having none
of it and they're not allowing any
illegal refugees there
this is the biggest uno reverse card in
all of movie history
meanwhile the dad is starting an
expedition to go an attempt to rescue
his son
although i think this is a valiant
effort i wouldn't suggest it it's
basically the same thing as committing
suicide you might as well stay alive and
try to have your son make it out of the
situation rather than both of you dying
meanwhile back at the library everyone
is wheeling books back and forth in
order to keep their bonfire going
this is the one advantage being in a
library has other than being a safe
location
is that there's plenty of books to burn
the only thing i disagree with here is
that they're burning entire cards of
books at the same time yes this makes a
large fire that doesn't need to be
tended to for a long time but it's also
inefficient
you never know how many books you're
gonna have to burn so it's best to keep
cautious and burn a few books at a time
also i strongly suggest burning the
furniture to start your fire this
doesn't need to be tended to for a long
time
plus what are you gonna use the extra
furniture for no one's gonna sit there
in addition you could always stuck pages
of a book inside your clothes for
installation
at this point in the movie we also see
how hopeless it is for everyone that
left the library it serves them right
and it's actually kind of funny to watch
at the same time we see sam's dad and
the rescue crew and they're going to
rescue sam who's stuck in the library
still
but as their sled goes over a glass
building that they're traveling on top
of it cracks and one of the members is
trapped dangling over the edge once
again
the guy dangling over the edge is in a
fairly precarious situation
so the first thing you should do is do
exactly what he does in the movie he
does a great job of releasing the sled
although the sled contains all the
supplies if you're going to die anyways
what's the point of keeping the supplies
in order to pull frank up which is the
guy dangling over the middle guy has to
support all of frank's weight
but i don't understand why he's take off
his [ __ ] gloves
in the end frank is forced to cut the
line and sacrifice himself so the other
two can get out
a big issue here was the dude who was
trying to support his weight his hand
started bleeding since he took his
gloves off
maybe keep your gloves on so the glass
doesn't cut you however there's one
solution that frank never thought of
he could have attempted to pull the sled
up to his body if he's able to
and then use the sled as some sort of
way to lessen the impact this could
potentially allow him to survive the
fall and survive
though if you were at the bottom of the
mall he would be trapped until the other
two came and rescued him which could be
a long time
while sam and the girls seem to be
having a great time together however
they find out the girl is [ __ ] sick
she's dying of blood poisoning
it turns out she got a cut trying to get
that dead woman's passport out of the
car
this is another example of why you don't
help other people especially in movies
so sam and the boys decide to go on the
ship from earlier they decide to go on
the ship to find medicine
and since the ship is frozen over
everything should be fine right
well no turns out the wolves from the
nearby zoo have escaped their
enclosement
and they're hunting people the gang
eventually find what medicine they need
and they're ready to head back with some
food and medicine and everything seems
all good
however then the wolves show up they
bite one of their members i know a lot
of you would assume you need to get
medicine for rabies but contrary to your
popular belief many wolves don't
actually carry rabies so everything
should be fine
so they lock the wolves inside the boat
and all seems well they could just
slowly get in the library right
[ __ ] no just like in this movie
everything is a [ __ ] know as an answer
there's an event known as a super freaks
basically everything starts freezing
extremely quickly
so they need to book it into the [ __ ]
library as fast as they possibly can
the dad who's actually in new york and
really close to his son notices a super
freeze is happening as well
he sees this when the flag's boner
instantly disappears so he runs away and
goes hides in a building
sam and his dad are both facing similar
issues of being chased by the cold i
know it's not that realistic i don't
think cole
really chases you and also they decide
to close the door to just try to stop
the cold
and i don't think that's how it works
but hey it's just a movie everyone
survives the father ends up finding the
sun and they kiss have sex do all that
stuff
and then we find out later that the
third world countries that were really
warm such as africa
south america are now the best countries
to live in because they're not
completely destroyed
we see that every developed country in
the northern hemisphere is basically
gone
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
smash that like and subscribe button it
really helps out the channel and you can
catch my content in the future
and also make sure to follow all my
other socials linked in the bio drop a
quick comment on what movie you want
next in the next episode of how to beat